SRVCOM-483: Monitoring docs for Serverless inc. example for autoscaler pods (#16154)
openshift/openshift-docs: serverless/monitoring-serverless.adoc

[id="monitoring-serverless"]
= Monitoring Serverless applications
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: cluster-monitoring-serverless

> As an {product-title} cluster administrator, you can deploy the {product-title} monitoring stack and monitor the status of each deployment as well as metrics data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a {product-title} cluster administrator, you can deploy the {product-title} monitoring stack and monitor the status of each deployment as well as metrics data.
```

Reviewer: Ah, ditch this. I guess it starts with "Openshift" in the title.

> When using the OpenShift Serverless operator, the required ServiceMonitor objects are created automatically for cluster monitoring on Serverless applications. OpenShift Serverless components, such as Knative Serving, expose metrics data, and administrators can monitor this data by using the {product-name} Web console.

Reviewer: You only seem to use `product-name` here? Should it be `product-title`?

Author: Thanks, it's a typo I guess, will update.

> When using the OpenShift Serverless operator, the required ServiceMonitor objects are created automatically for cluster monitoring on Serverless applications. OpenShift Serverless components, such as Knative Serving, expose metrics data, and administrators can monitor this data by using the {product-title} Web console.

Reviewer 2: "web console" should be lowercase.

Author: Look out for this in other docs because I used it because I saw it elsewhere and thought it was a thing :joy: if I find where it's in other docs again I'll let you know.

[id="monitoring-serverless"]
= Monitoring Openshift Serverless components
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: monitoring-serverless

> As an {product-title} cluster administrator, you can deploy the {product-title} monitoring stack and monitor the status of each deployment as well as metrics data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an {product-title} cluster administrator, you can deploy the {product-title} monitoring stack and monitor the metrics of Openshift Serverless components.
```

> When using the OpenShift Serverless operator, the required ServiceMonitor objects are created automatically for cluster monitoring on Serverless applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the OpenShift Serverless operator, the required ServiceMonitor objects are created automatically for monitoring the deployed components. These components, such as Knative Serving, expose ...
```
